add flutter version constraint upper bound note (#5375)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/pub/pubspec.md

at least 1.19.0, to ensure that older versions of pub won't
accidentally install packages that need Flutter.

{{site.alert.version-note}}

>   Since Flutter 2.0,
>   enforcing of the Flutter SDK constraint upper bound is disabled. 
>   For more information, check out
>   this [Issue](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/95472).

Reviewer: **issue:** As Flutter 2.0 falls in the far past, you can omit that detail. Also, write in active voice per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/voice).

```suggestion
  The Flutter SDK disabled the enforcement of the constraint upper bound. 
  To learn more, check out [issue #95472](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/95472)
  in the `flutter` repository on GitHub.
```
